---
layout:     post
title:      The Impact of Task Complexity on the Effects of Goal Setting-A Perspective from Cognitive Resources
subtitle:   Psychological Experimental Research
date:       2019-05-30
author:     Weijie Chen
header-img: img/post-bg-desk.jpg
catalog: false
tags:
    - Psychological Research
---
# Project Purposes

Aimed to investigate the relationship between task complexity and goal-setting effects from the perspective of cognitive resource allocation in the goal-attainment process.

# Main Duties

1. Conducted literature reviews: The goal setting theory suggests that difficult and specific goals can lead to optimal performance compared to other types of goals, such as difficult but vague goals; However, the cognitive load theory argues the opposite that difficult and specific goals may not necessarily produce positive results, especially in complex tasks. And the cognitive resource could be one of the reasons. As a result, several experimental hypotheses were made.

2. Designed the research plan to choose a suitable experimental paradigm, the type of experiment design, experimental procedures, and materials.

3. Conducted the experiment and collected data from participants. Analyzed data using SPSS.

4. Prepared manuscripts for thesis; Presented research findings at the team’s research conference.

# Key Words

Experimental Research, Cognitive Psychology, Interaction 

# Link

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/files/cv202303-2.pdf">pdf download</a>

<script>
  document.querySelector('a').addEventListener('click', function(event) {
    event.preventDefault();
    window.location.href = "{{ site.url }}/files/任务复杂性对目标设定效应的影响——基于认知资源的视角.pdf";
  });
</script>
